Org LDAP resource and data source (#909)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: .changes/v3.8.0/909-features.md

* New Resource: `vcd_org_ldap` that allows configuring LDAP settings for an organization [GH-909]

> * New Datasource: `vcd_org_ldap` that allows exploring LDAP settings for an organization [GH-909]

Author: Thanks. Fixed

> * **New Datasource**: `vcd_org_ldap` that allows exploring LDAP settings for an organization [GH-909]

Reviewer: Another nitpick
```suggestion
* **New Data source**: `vcd_org_ldap` that allows exploring LDAP settings for an organization [GH-909]
```

Author: Done
